Freshdesk: Doc revamp (#748)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/extract/freshdesk.mdx

---
title: "Freshdesk"
description: Step-by-step guide on ingesting data from Freshdesk into RudderStack.
---

[Freshdesk](https://freshdesk.com/) is a popular customer support software which provides cutting-edge, cross-channel customer support features including bots and various other self-service solutions.

This document guides you in setting up Freshdesk as a source in RudderStack. Once configured, RudderStack automatically ingests your specified Freshdesk data, which can then be routed to your RudderStack-supported data warehouse destination.

<div class="warningBlock">

> All the Cloud Extract sources support sending data only to a <Link to="/data-warehouse-integrations/">data warehouse destination</Link>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the Cloud Extract sources support sending data only to a <Link to="/destinations/warehouse-destinations/">data warehouse destination</Link>.
```

</div>

## Getting Started

To set up Freshdesk as a source in RudderStack, follow these steps:

1. Log into your [RudderStack dashboard](https://app.rudderstack.com/).
2. Go to **Sources** > **New source** > **Cloud Extract** and select **Freshdesk** from the list of sources.
3. Assign a name to your source and click on **Continue**.

### Connection settings

1. Click on **Create Credentials from Scratch**. You will then see the following screen:

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/freshdesk-connection-settings.png" alt="Freshdesk credentials" />

2. Enter the following connection credentials to authenticate your Freshdesk account with RudderStack:

>   - **Account Name**: Enter your Freshdesk account name (email used to sign up for Freshdesk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Account Name**: Enter your Freshdesk account name. This should be the email you used to sign up for Freshdesk.
```

>   - **Subdomain**: Enter your Freshdesk subdomain (portion of URL before `.freshdesk.com/`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **Subdomain**: Enter your Freshdesk subdomain (portion of the URL before `.freshdesk.com/`)
```

  - **API Key**: Enter your Freshdesk API key which can be obtained by logging into your Freshdesk account, clicking on your profile and navigating to the **Profile Settings**.

<div class="successBlock">

> Refer to the <a href="#faq">FAQ</a> section to know more about how to obtain the API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the <a href="#faq">FAQ</a> section for more information on obtaining the Freshdesk API key.
```

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/add-destination.png" alt="Adding a destination" />

<div class="successBlock">
Use the <strong>Use Existing Destination</strong> option if you have an already-configured data warehouse destination in RudderStack. To configure a data warehouse destination from scratch, select the <strong>Create New Destination</strong> button.
</div>

## FAQ

### Where do I find the Freshdesk API Key?

To get your Freshdesk API key, follow these steps:

1. Log into your [Freshdesk account](https://freshdesk.com/login).
2. Click on your profile at the top right and go to **Profile Settings**.
3. You can find the Freshdesk API key in the right sidebar, as shown:

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/freshdesk-connection-settings-2.png" alt="Freshdesk API key" />

### Is it possible to have multiple Cloud Extract sources writing to the same schema?

Yes, it is.

We have implemented a feature wherein RudderStack associates a table prefix for every Cloud Extract source writing to a warehouse schema. This way, multiple Cloud Extract sources can write to the same schema with different table prefixes.

> ## Contact Us

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contact us
```
